fix(sbt-plugin): add new default registry URL (#29648)
renovatebot/renovate: lib/modules/datasource/sbt-plugin/readme.md

> This datasource finds SBT plugin updates from maven repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This datasource finds SBT plugin updates from Maven repositories.
```

This datasource finds SBT plugin updates from Maven repositories.

> By default, Renovate checks <https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/> for SBT plugins, and then falls back to the legacy URL <https://repo.scala-sbt.org/scalasbt/sbt-plugin-releases>. You can override this behavior by overriding the `registryUrls` setting. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Renovate:

1. Checks `https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/` for SBT plugins
1. If the above URL returns no results, then Renovate tries the _legacy_ URL: `https://repo.scala-sbt.org/scalasbt/sbt-plugin-releases`
 
You can override the default behavior with the `registryUrls` config option.
For example:
```
